Inflight Magazine no. 5 (#615)
winglang/docsite: blog/2023-09-20-magazine-005.md

---
title: Inflight Magazine no. 5
description: Updates from Winglang
authors: 

>   - dcahana2

Reviewer: maybe add mark?

### Upcoming Events

**🔥 Live Workshop - December 6th @4:30 - 6pm IST**
Get hands-on with Eyal as he walks us through the process of constructing a full-fledged React.js application with Winglang.
For more information and to register, [click here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/winglang-react-workshop-tickets-754616256537?aff=oddtdtcreator).

### The Wingly Update
Have you heard about **[The Wingly Update](https://www.twitch.tv/winglangio)**? It's our biweekly show where we stream to Twitch, share the latest developments of the project, and just make a bunch of fools of ourselves. Mark your calendars and make sure to catch us live!

If you haven't been able to catch our show, don't fret! You can find the complete stack of [all our episodes here](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-P8v-FRassZBWsNoSafL_ReO0JO0xJVm&si=trffVrtGGMUZ-SKb). 

> You can check out some cool highlights from our show below!

Reviewer: let's add more segments here. maybe ~10? maybe just focus on interviews?
also - i wouldn't put the changelog segments, just interviews.

---
title: Inflight Magazine no. 5
description: Updates from Winglang
authors: 
  - dcahana2
tags: [cloud-oriented programming, winglang, changelog, newsletter,]
hide_table_of_contents: true
---
> The 5th issue of the Wing Inflight Magazine.
> <!--truncate-->

Hey folks!

> We’re back with another overview of our CHANGELOG - a new segment in our quirky Twitch show called [The Wingly Update](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-P8v-FRassZBWsNoSafL_ReO0JO0xJVm) where we share news about new features to Wing, so we decided to share the same updates here as well. Let us know what you think!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re back with another issue of the Wing Inflight Magazine and excited to share some updates from our project.
```

- 🚀 [New: Variadic Arguments](#variadic-arguments)
- 🚀 [New: Added set API to MutArray](#added-set-api-to-mutarray)
- 🔥 [Runtime checked Json => Struct conversion](#runtime-checked-json)
- 🔥 [Json implicit struct casting](#json-implicit-struct-casting)
- 🚀 [New: Added addFile API to Bucket](#added-addfile-api-to-bucket)
- 🚀 [New: Wing Libraries](#wing-libraries)
- 🔥 [Updated Directory Modules](#directory-modules)
- 🚀 [New: fs Namespace](#fs-namespace)
- 🔥 [Breaking Changes](#additional-breaking-changes)
- 🔥 [New Features](#additional-new-features)

> - 📅 [Upcoming Events](#upcoming-events)

Reviewer: Can we add a section with links to all of the Wingly shorts we created so far?

Author: > Can we add a section with links to all of the Wingly shorts we created so far?

done @eladb

---
title: Inflight Magazine no. 5
description: Updates from the winglang project
authors: 
  - dcahana2
  - markm
tags: [cloud-oriented programming, winglang, changelog, newsletter,]
hide_table_of_contents: true
---
> The 5th issue of the Wing Inflight Magazine.
> <!--truncate-->

Hey folks!

We’re back with another issue of the **Wing Inflight Magazine** and we are excited to share some updates about [winglang](https://winglang.io).

> - 🚀 [New: Variadic Arguments](#variadic-arguments)

Reviewer 2: I committed a fix to a few links now

---
title: Inflight Magazine no. 5
description: Updates from Winglang
authors: 
  - dcahana2
tags: [cloud-oriented programming, winglang, changelog, newsletter,]
hide_table_of_contents: true
---
> The 5th issue of the Wing Inflight Magazine.
> <!--truncate-->

Hey folks!

We’re back with another overview of our CHANGELOG - a new segment in our quirky Twitch show called [The Wingly Update](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-P8v-FRassZBWsNoSafL_ReO0JO0xJVm) where we share news about new features to Wing, so we decided to share the same updates here as well. Let us know what you think!

- 🚀 [New: Variadic Arguments](#variadic-arguments)
- 🚀 [New: Added set API to MutArray](#added-set-api-to-mutarray)
- 🔥 [Runtime checked Json => Struct conversion](#runtime-checked-json)
- 🔥 [Json implicit struct casting](#json-implicit-struct-casting)
- 🚀 [New: Added addFile API to Bucket](#added-addfile-api-to-bucket)
- 🔥 [Breaking Changes](#breaking-changes)
- 🔥 [New Features](#new-features)
- 📅 [Upcoming Events](#upcoming-events)

### Variadic Arguments
❤️ Added by [Marcio Cruz](https://github.com/marciocadev) & [Chris Rybicki](https://github.com/Chriscbr)  ❤️

> Winglang now supports Variadic Arguments, both for declaring and consuming within the language itself. This feature is also extended to support JSII libraries, filling a gap that might have been a blocker for some users. Essentially, the addition provides full support for JSII libraries, expanding its usability.

Author: not sure how to really fix it honestly, @MarkMcCulloh can you possibly help?
